hey folks dinner would be no here with
Windows Phone central I'm just wanting
give you guys a quick tour hear me
tweets to point Oh this app is not
available yet on the marketplace but
this updated version will be landing
with the next week or so eun of course
download the currently tweets from the
windows phone store that came about five
months ago it's a very strong and
popular twitter client great design
minimalist but a lot of features too so
launching the app here you can see this
is optimized for windows phone 8 disease
vests and we get that full 720
resolution and it fills it completely
you can also see it does inline images
including SkyDrive inline images which
is going to be very useful you have your
new tweet counter right there and
scrolling down of course will refresh
that and if you scroll down a little bit
further it'll do that pull to refresh
trick which is very popular out there
the app itself runs very smoothly with
no errors and you know it's been just a
real joy to use I love coming across
articles and seeing say like images like
this you can just tap open it save it
very good it also works like that for
articles so we'll do this our is one and
we can just view the tweet here and of
course you can just open that link in
internet explorer but if you want to say
you know keep with an experience you can
open a readability mode and it's going
to strip all the formatting from that
article and make it very minimalist and
you just have text and the image and so
if you're on the go you're trying to
save data or you just want to you know
quickly peek out a story without loading
your browser this is a great method to
do it you can also have a great search
engine right here so you have your
normal search people you can search for
images so if i type in nokia fact that
nokia image was just going around you
can see it's going to bring down all
images from twitter this is
exceptionally useful I think out you
know if you're even looking for phones
or wherever you want you can just do
searches for and it's
to bring down images you can tap on
ending image get more information for it
if you go to just regular search and we
type and say YouTube that too is built
in and I like i said i'm a big fan of
this uh keeping within the twitter
experience I don't like having to hop
out of my appt and so these are all
youtube videos you can see you do a
quick little preview of where you going
to click beforehand and then you just
tap and it's going to launch into a
portrait or landscape player
so you get the idea but it's really
convenient to be able to obviously stay
within the app and I'd have to leave so
just imagine if that was in your regular
Twitter stream you can just go right
back to viewing your tweets you also
have automatic spam control pneus so if
someone tweeted you a link with no
message it would automatically be
filtered there's multi-part tweeting to
this so if you write over 140 characters
just will auto split your messages for
you but as you're writing you can just
write one which is really good likewise
is someone else did that it would we
combined the messages for you their
voice commands built into this as well
and lock screen notifications so in fact
I can meet wheats new tweet
this is a test do you want to tweet this
is a test
cancel and so just you know I don't want
to say that tweet out but if I want to I
could just tell it yes and it would have
sent a tweet and so that's how that
basically works so have no voice
commands very useful when you also go
write a regular message you do have that
option to do voice dictation which
should be convenient for a lot of people
out there whose hands may be busy you do
of course still have streaming on board
so if you type fellow button it will
pull down everything live as it goes
through which is very good and other
than that it's a great app will see more
of us in next week or so but headed
Windows Phone central and we'll have
more information take care of my